This semester in Computer Science, we started by learning the basics of Python, and then moved on to applications such as graphing and customer service simulations. We assessed understanding through written tests, which demonstrate fundamental understanding, and problem sets, which tend to push students to think creatively to solve complex problems.

Your testing average was 91%. You seemed to have just the right amount of challenge on tests and have the opportunity to seek out even more. Great work this semester. You showed consistent effort on your unit tests throughout the semester. Your semester exam was exmplatory of your level of competence with the material, similar to your previous performance. Keep up the good work.

Your problem sets showed some consistent effort, with an average score of 95. Keep improving!

Overall, your banking project was decent, with a grade of 82.0. This project required collaboration between you and your partner, Oprah, and you didn't work together as well as we might have hoped. Despite this, your code was generally solid, save for a few key errors that knocked your grade down.

You were great to have in class this year, and most of the time, you were a decent contributor and learner. Throughout the year, you tended to keep ideas to yourself and shy away from collaboration, although I'm sure everyone else would like to work with you and hear your ideas. You were always focused and hard-working during class, and set a good example for your peers. You started out by doing everything without our help, but as the year went on, you started seeking us out more for assistance. It seems that you took a lot away from our conversations, which led to your excellent improvement in the second semester. Overall, you have the potential to be great team member, both in this class and in any future computer science endeavors you might undertake.

Overall, your grade this semester was an A. We look forwards to your continued excellence in the second semester!